                           HOMEBASE.ID LICENSE
                        Version 0.2, 16 October 2024

Homebase.id is a decentralized personal communication, personal storage,
social network and self-sovereign identity management system. It serves as a
secure alternative to traditional, corporate-controlled social media and
file storage platforms. With Homebase, you can customize how you share news
and content, and collaborate with family, friends, and others.

We envision Homebase evolving into an ecosystem of various applications and
integrations that users find valuable. We also encourage both non-profit and
commercial service providers to build apps and solutions that complement the
Homebase platform.

                              LICENSE TERMS

0. LICENSE

The Homebase software and its packages of files (“Homebase software”) are
accordingly made available to users under free and open-source software
license terms, specifically under the GNU Affero General Public
License v3 (AGPL v3).

1. AGPL v3 Specifics

AGPL v3 is more restrictive than other open-source licenses. The AGPL v3 is
still designed to ensure that you can freely use, modify, and distribute
software, but the AGPL v3 also requires that any modified versions of the
Homebase software that you use on network servers are made available as
source code to other users.

In our view, the AGPL v3, with its requirement that if the Homebase software
is modified and used on a server, the modified source code must be made
available to all users who interact with the software over the network,
serves to promote coherence, transparency and collaboration in software
development, and to ensure that improvements to Homebase software are shared
back with the community, enhancing collective progress.

The notes on the AGPL v3 above are only for explanatory purposes.

2. CRYPTOGRAPHIC NOTICE

This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in which you
currently reside may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or
re-export to another country, of encryption software.

BEFORE using any encryption software, please check your country's laws,
regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and
re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted.

See http://www.wassenaar.org/ for more information.

3. Copyright Notice

We are the copyright owners of the version of the Homebase software that we
release under the AGPL v3. You will always be able to use this version as
long as you comply fully with the license. We may, however, choose to release
the same version or future versions of the Homebase software under other
licenses.

---

This document is part of the Homebase.id project. For more information, visit
our GitHub repository https://github.com/homebase-id
